Tracer advection siparcs (#322)
NCAR/DART: models/lorenz_96_tracer_advection/readme.rst

 100 units/s and location at grid point one (with exponential sinks present in
 all grid points), the time evolution is as depicted below:

|Plot of Lorenz 96 Tracer Advection|

For Lorenz 96 Tracer Advection, DART advances the model, gets the model state and 
metadata describing this state, finds state variables that are close to a given 
location, and does spatial interpolation for model state variables.

Namelist
--------

The ``&model_nml`` namelist is read from the ``input.nml`` file. Namelists
start with an ampersand ``&`` and terminate with a slash ``/``. Character
strings that contain a ``/`` must be enclosed in quotes to prevent them from
prematurely terminating the namelist.

.. code-block:: fortran

  &model_nml
     model_size        = 120,
     forcing           = 8.00,
     delta_t           = 0.05,
     time_step_days    = 0,
     time_step_seconds = 3600
  /

Description of each namelist entry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

+-------------------+----------+-------------------------------------+
| Item              | Type     | Description                         |
+===================+==========+=====================================+

> | model_size        | integer  | Number of variables in model. The   |

Reviewer: i might interpret number of variables as either 3, or 40.  maybe the first sentence should be

```suggestion
| model_size        | integer  | Total number of items in the state vector. The   |
```

but that may not be more clear.   feel free to ignore this suggestion.
